hey good morning everyone I it's a
surprise that i'm doing a video in the
morning during the week i just finished
my makeup and it's really really hard
and I so dark outside so I don't want to
go to work because you know you don't
get all wet and shoes get wet and just
I'm gonna wait for a little bit but so I
started maybe I just do a very quick
video and I still need to wake up a
little bit because it's still early in
the morning and i did not have coffee
but today i'm going to do a beauty top
video i just want to share some of my
thoughts it's not suggestion it's not
recommendation it's just some my
experience with you know how you know i
progressed throughout of years because
you guys know I'm you know 32 years old
so I have changed a lot so I thought
maybe I share with you my beauty
experience first thing I want to talk
about is I used to have very thick and
very like like I have I bro that's
connected in the middle and I was not in
a shape whatsoever and I never a plug or
and never do anything map for my
eyebrows and one day I went to China and
my friend my mom's friends she has very
nice eyebrow and I can tell is like is
tattooed right and I just asked her
because it's colored and similar to her
hair color and it looks very nice she's
not wearing makeup but she looks just
very girly very pretty and then you know
I brawl if you guys do some research you
guys know I brought it make you a big
difference on your face so I asked her
about that and she's like oh do you
wanna do it so I said okay you know it
was it doesn't really cost much I I just
did it and I love it because you know it
really shaped my eyebrow and all i have
to do is plug
a little bit oh I used uh what is it
called anyways I am so I really like my
eyebrow because it makes a huge
difference on my face I looked much
better even sometimes without makeup I
just look more like nice and clean on my
face and girly so I thought you know if
you guys ever think about you know just
wax it or at least make it you know in
shape every day it will make much
difference on face the second thing I
want to say is before when I was younger
I only had one double eyelid I forgot
which I but just one just one I has
double eyelid and you know how people
can do what is a couple projects plastic
surgery to make the other why the other
eye has double eyelid right um so I was
like oh should i do it because you know
i was like very upset about the other
one in just single eyelid and sometimes
I put table sometimes I put tape on my
eyes you know the other single eyelid
and one was younger but you know doesn't
work so but I one thing I want to tell
you some people they did the plastic
surgery to make double eyelid on 1 i'll
double eyes you know but then because i
was young right my mom's friends the
same lady told me to do the eyebrow she
told me do not do it because she says
you are still growing your eyes were
developed and you will have double
eyelid eventually and i listened to her
because you know she's pretty and she
she's more experienced that's why i want
to tell you my experience to you too so
I just said okay I'm not doing it i just
put some tape sometimes and i also start
wearing lashes right and you know lashes
has this lift that you know you'll help
you if you put a tape if you even know
is word tape because the eyelashes are
left and I just started have double
eyelids
it's perfect and I'm glad I did not do
the price of surgery to make the single
eyelid to double eyelid because I heard
some people still develop right and then
when you develop and they have multiple
eyelids because the the one they did and
the natural one and just add more and
more and you know it just looked very
weird so I thought you know it's a good
I'm thought to share with you guys um
okay oh one last thing I want to talk
about is having straighten your teeth so
mighty see you know is now perfect shape
like you know it's still kind of but
it's straight what I'm gonna say is I
did not have straight teeth before my
mom when she was young I when I was
young sorry she told me to get straight
teeth and it was very very cheap to do
that one was in China in one was eight
years old or some some age around there
and she told me just do it you were you
were like it but you know that time I
didn't want to do everyone listen to her
but after I came here right I just
realized you know everybody has treaties
everybody looked very nice and has this
you know confidence and beautiful smile
and I don't okay i have very cooker
taste before and when I smile when I
take pictures and from far away I will
look like i'll have missing tooth
because it just organized tues right and
I'll look like a missing tooth and my
smile doesn't look good so I decided
okay you know I start making money you
want to have a job I can't afford a
although it's kind of expensive almost
reselling dollars you know but I can't
afford it and that's a good investment
and I did it before my wedding because I
know I want to look good for my wedding
pictures and now the technology makes it
much easier and painless cuz it only
took nine months or whatever it's called
sure smile but you know it
just make my taste very good and I'm
able to take pictures and my smile looks
nice and something I want to share with
you guys if you ever consider and
worried by Ortiz and if you don't know
if you want to go through the pain and
goes through you know to do a truce or
not I think go ahead to do straight
teeth and do it when young even you are
older like my father-in-law he did it
when he was 40 years old and he's still
able to enjoy for the rest of his life
right it's a good investment you know I
know I tried to save on things i don't
really need but when you wanna you need
something like tease you know go ahead
if it's three thousand dollars go ahead
right so that's all my beauty talk for
now and I just thought you know I love
you guys I wanna you know give you my
thoughts on something you know
recommendations and experience I go
through that have this look on my face
and I want to share with you guys and
hopefully you can benefit and let me
know if you like me to do more videos
like that and thank you and I have a
good for a rest of day and see you next
time bye